which is going for a quick hunt this
morning with day an hour and go to a
flat that we usually see a few pegs
aren't seen a few pegs in but a sign
there so hopefully the dogs have you to
track something down for us
yeah
what's that
they didn't
perfect shoulder shot we're gonna see if
you can hit that little one that's up
there thank you cuz it's just up there
honey god she's going straight down
taking something yeah yeah little one
does one feel oh we should we sing the
dogs go down here those taking away a
nice spot in the GPS then down and
Maggie psycho me straight out towards us
and Hanny just shut off my cell that's
way in him and then we could hear
something coming here to pig
slaughtering we just sent when you
without gonna cross the region just
waited waited waited it poked its head
over full of a shot at an inmate wrecked
it and I was bailing it but it was
pretty much dead here anyway
and honey still gone so we'll see what
she's after
Jonesy I mean hit set DD pounder you
know on that one
it's a beautiful way they don't want to
be ripped off or anything not true then
I would have got one at iPhones in you
mind quite a bit of here good Julian and
I got that little one
well tiny joy it's not trade me she 16
ADA's
site that's all honey if you honey
probably please pick for that little gun
here probably should just lift it for
the dogs to catch it because its own you
got a lady simply a hot seller like
getting a boy
so should the gang cam footage should be
pretty cool it's waiting line hey and we
haven't shot a pig with that gun say
this yes bonus did you get it for year
and has no right through me look inside
you Tommy
no you'd see it eats it whole of there I
stayed in me one couldn't be more what's
the time good Gowen we can go back knock
30 Washington right now that's the right
be okay
Oh
you